Parse Common Form markup, returning an object containing a form and
an array of path-to-blank mappings.

# Markup

Common Form markup utilizes rarely-used symbols you can type with your keyboard to structure agreements and indicate definitions, uses of defined terms, fill-in-the-blanks, and cross-references between provisions. For example:

```commonform
This Agreement (this ""Agreement"") is made effective as of
[Effective Date] by and between [Seller's Legal Name] (""Seller"") and
[Buyer's Legal Name] (""Buyer"").

    \Definitions\  For purposes of this <Agreement>, the following terms
have the following meanings:

        \\  ""Capital Stock"" means the capital stock of the Company,
    including, without limitation, the <Common Stock> and the <Preferred
    Stock>.

        \\  ""Dissolution Event"" means:

            \\  a voluntary termination of operations pursuant to {Voluntary
    Shutdown};

            \\  a general assignment for the benefit of the <Company>'s
    creditors or

            \\  any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
    <Company> (excluding a <Liquidity Event>), whether voluntary or
    involuntary.
```

Each subdivision of the form begins with `\\`, indented by four spaces. If the provision has a heading, it goes within the slashes, like `\Definitions\ ...`.

Within a provision, terms being defined are set in `""double quotation marks""`.  Defined terms being used are typed `<within angle brackets>`. A cross-reference to a provision with a `{Particular Heading}` is with braces.  `[Blanks to be filled in]` use square brackets.

# The Parser

```javascript
var parse = require('commonform-markup-parse')
parse(stringOfMarkup); // => {form: Object, directions: Array}
```

The parser is made of several components:

1. a hand-coded context-tracking tokenizer (or lexer) that emits
   tokens for indentation and outdentation, in addition to content tokens

2. an LALR(1) parser generated by [Jison] from a Bison-like BNF grammar

3. [commonform-fix-strings] to convert the parser's AST to a valid
   common form by fixing various string-related validation issues,
   like extra space

4. a tiny algorithm that removes the hints text from fill-in-the-blanks
   within the form, and emits path-to-hint mappings instead

The parser passes the [commonform-markup-tests] test suite.

If you'd like to write a parser in a different language, the test
suite and this package are best places to start.  Your language
probably already has a Bison clone or a BNF-compatible parser
combinators library.

[Jison]: https://npmjs.com/packages/jison

[commonform-fix-strings]: https://npmjs.com/commonform-fix-strings

[commonform-markup-tests]: https://npmjs.com/packages/commonform-markup-tests
